.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH QUERY-MEERKAT 1 "June 27, 2001"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
query-meerkat \- Find all the recent Meerkat news matching a regex
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B query-meerkat
\fImysql-regex\fR [\fIhours\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
query-meerkat searches O'Reilly's Meerkat wire service (which was
inspired in part by UserLand's wire service) for recent news matching
a given regular expression.  This can be used as a daily cron job to
keep you abreast of press coverage.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I mysql-regex
The regular expression with which to search the news feed.  Try
"/[Ll]inux/" or "/[Dd]ebian/".  According to the O'Reilly
documentation, This regular expression is in the format defined by
MySQL.
.TP
.I hours
The number of hours of news to return, relative to the current time.
Values much larger than 24 or 48 tend to be fairly useless, because
the Meerkat database expires news very quickly.
.SH BUGS
Thanks to a server change at the O'Reilly network, this program is
temporarily broken.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR http://www.oreillynet.com/meerkat/ ,
.BR http://www.mysql.com/ ,
.BR meerkat-app-list (1),
.BR xmlrpc-c (7).
.PP
This program is part of xmlrpc-c.
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Eric Kidd <eric.kidd@pobox.com>.
It may be distributed under the same terms as the rest of xmlrpc-c.
